May 25th, 2020
 
David Cittadini
Recruiter
Springboard
22 Battery Street,
San Francisco, CA 94111

Dear Mr. Cittadini:

Since becoming a team leader at Cayan, I have used technology and creative thinking to fix many operational issues. These issues ranged from generating accurate customer insights to helping managers create new services. My success in leading teams, managing competing priorities, and developing strategies makes me an excellent candidate for the Product Manager internship. I want to join Springboard because it is a fast-moving and innovative organization, where employees are empowered to shape the future of online learning. In addition, I want to join the firm to learn how its online platform and mentors are helping students close their skills gap. At Springboard, my skill set will enable me to work with designers to improve user experience, define and build features that advance student learning, and contribute towards the improvement of product features.  

Before business school, I was a member of Total System Services’ Reporting Team, where I oversaw database and new service development. This work involved gathering requirements from various managers, developing features with engineers, and refining features to address new business problems. One notable example was working with engineers to create a new reporting service for producing business intelligence reports. This service was built using a list of requirements that I collected from finance and operations managers. The new reporting service allowed the Reporting Team to produce twenty monthly reports in three days instead of fifteen days. The increase in efficiency enabled managers and executives to get business insights sooner, which helped them make critical decisions. My work for the Reporting Team demonstrates my analytical, managerial, and leadership skills, which are essential skills that will help me succeed at Springboard.  

Working with members of the Reporting Team to form a great analytics and strategy team has been a dream come true. I am eager to use my experience in product management, business strategy, and analytics to help Springboard achieve all its big and small goals. I would love the opportunity to discuss my qualifications in further detail. Thank you in advance for your consideration, and I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Sincerely,
Wajdan Mahbub
